.\"
.\" Copyright 2009 Sun Microsystems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\" Use is subject to license terms.
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
.\" copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons
.\" to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of
.\" the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this
.\" permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
.\" OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
.\" HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL
.\" INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
.\" FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
.\" NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
.\" WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
.\" shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
.\" or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" of the copyright holder.
.\"
.\"
.TH Xnest 1 "24 Jun 2009"
.SH NAME
.PP
Xnest \- a nested X server
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.BR Xnest (1)
X server is no longer included in this release.
.PP
The
.BR Xephyr (1)
and
.BR Xvnc (1)
servers provide similar functionality of acting as an X server to other
clients, and displaying their output in a window on another X server.
.PP
.B Xephyr
acts as a simple X client which is displayed on another X server, while
.B Xvnc
provides a X server which can be connected to from a Remote Frame Buffer (RFB)
protocol client such as
.BR vncviewer (1),
allowing for the session to continue between connections and for connections
to occur from multiple viewing computers.
Both 
.B Xephyr
and
.B Xvnc
offer more support for modern desktop environments and newer X extensions
than the older Xnest server did, and avoid several limitations of the Xnest
server that were due to Xnest's reliance on passing most requests through to
the underlying server.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR Xephyr (1),
.IR Xvnc (1),
.IR vncviewer (1),
.IR X11 (5).
