.\" Copyright 2008 Sun Microsystems, Inc.  All Rights Reserved
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
.\" copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"),
.\" to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation
.\" the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
.\" sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons
.\" to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
.\" conditions:
.\"
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
.\" included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
.\" EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
.\" DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
.\" OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
.\" THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the names of the copyright holders
.\" shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
.\" or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" from said copyright holders.
.\"
.TH XSolarisOvlIsOverlayWindow __libmansuffix__ __xorgversion__ "X FUNCTIONS"
.IX "XSolarisOvlIsOverlayWindow" "" "\f3XSolarisOvlIsOverlayWindow\f1(3) \(em indicates whether a given window is an overlay window
.SH NAME
XSolarisOvlIsOverlayWindow \- indicates whether a given window is an overlay window
.SH SYNOPSIS
.LP
\&#include <X11/extensions/transovl.h>

.IP \f3Bool\f1 5n
.B XSolarisOvlIsOverlayWindow
.B (Display
.I *display,
.B Window
.I w)
.SH Arguments
.TP
.I display
Specifies the connection to the X server.
.TP
.I w
Specifies the window.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Returns
.SB True
if the given window
.I w
is an overlay window.  Otherwise returns
.SB False.
