.\"
.\" Copyright 2009 Sun Microsystems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\" Use is subject to license terms.
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
.\" copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\" "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\" without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\" distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons
.\" to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of
.\" the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this
.\" permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\" OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
.\" OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
.\" HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL
.\" INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
.\" FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
.\" NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
.\" WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
.\" shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
.\" or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\" of the copyright holder.
.\"
.\"
.TH xorgconfig 1 "24 Jun 2009"
.SH NAME
.PP
xorgconfig, xorgcfg \- generate an xorg.conf file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The
.BR xorgcfg (1)
and
.BR xorgconfig (1)
utilities for generating
.BR xorg.conf (4)
files are no longer included in this release.
.PP
The
.BR Xorg (1)
server does not require a configuration file in many cases,
and will autoconfigure itself if one is not present.  If the
default configuration does not meet your needs, you may use one of
these alternative methods to generate an xorg.conf file for
customization:
.IP " * "
When Xorg is started without a configuration file, the xorg.conf
data it generates automatically is logged in /var/log/Xorg.0.log
and may be copied to an xorg.conf file for customization.
.IP " * "
/usr/X11/bin/Xorg -configure, when the server is not already running,
will provide a sample configuration file for the currently detected
hardware in the system.
.IP " * "
Users of Nvidia graphics devices may use the provided
.BR nvidia-settings (1)
and
.BR nvidia-xconfig (1)
utilities to generate or update device-specific configurations.
.IP " * "
Users of Sun graphics devices for the SPARC platform may use the
.BR fbconfig (1)
utility to generate or update device-specific
configurations.
.PP
Input device settings formerly found in xorg.conf have in most cases
been replaced by settings made via the
.BR hal (5)
configuration framework in
.BR fdi (4)
configuration files.
.SH FILES
.IP /etc/hal/fdi/preprobe/10osvendor/10-x11-input.fdi
Default system configuration for input devices
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IR Xorg (1),
.IR xorg.conf (4),
.IR hal (5),
.IR fdi (4),
.IR nvidia-settings (1),
.IR nvidia-xconfig (1),
.IR fbconfig (1).
