.\"  Copyright 2007 Sun Microsystems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
.\"  Use subject to license terms.
.\" 
.\"  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
.\"  copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
.\"  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
.\"  without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
.\"  distribute, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons
.\"  to whom the Software is furnished to do so, provided that the above
.\"  copyright notice(s) and this permission notice appear in all copies of
.\"  the Software and that both the above copyright notice(s) and this
.\"  permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
.\"  
.\"  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
.\"  OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT
.\"  OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
.\"  HOLDERS INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, OR ANY SPECIAL
.\"  INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING
.\"  FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
.\"  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
.\"  WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"  
.\"  Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
.\"  shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use
.\"  or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
.\"  of the copyright holder.
.\" 
.ds q \N'34'
.TH ogl-select 1 "09 Oct 2007"
.SH NAME
ogl-select \- boot time selection of OpenGL vendor files 
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I ogl-select
is a service for the Service Management Facility (SMF) under
the identifier \fIsvc:/application/opengl/ogl-select\fP
that determines at boot time which vendor supplied OpenGL headers
and libraries will be used.  The selection of the OpenGL vendor
should be automatic and in most cases will not require any
configuration.  However, for system configurations with special
needs a property can be used to select the vendor.  The property
is described in the SMF PROPERTIES section below. 
.PP
The SMF method performs the automatic probe by querying the
device driver attached to the primary framebuffer device, /dev/fb.
If the name reported by the driver matches the value advertised
by a vendor registry, the rules in the vendor registry will be
used to select the OpenGL headers and libraries.  The name reported
by the driver can be verfied with \fIconstype\fP(1).  If the system
configuration does not match the desired OpenGL vendor, a SMF
property can be used to force the vendor selection.
.SH SMF PROPERTIES
.PP
Configuration properties for \fBogl-select\fP program are
managed by the service management facility, \fBsmf\fR(5), under the service 
identifier:
.PP
.nf
svc:/application/opengl/ogl-select
.fi
Use \fBsvccfg\fR(1M) to make configuration changes and to view configuration 
information for this service\&. 
.PP
These properties may be set for ogl-select:
.TP
.B options/vendor 
(Type astring) The vendor tag to use for selecting the OpenGL headers
and libraries, overriding the results of the automatic probe.  Available
vendors can be found with 'ls /lib/opengl/ogl_select/*_vendor_select'.
If the property is set to an unknown vendor tag, the method will default
to "mesa".  Setting the property to "" or "notset" causes it to be ignored
and the results of the automatic probe are used instead.  The default
value is "notset". 
.TP
.SH FILES
.TP 30
.I /var/svc/manifest/opengl/ogl-select.xml
The SMF manifest
.TP 30
.I /lib/svc/method/ogl-select
The SMF method run by the manifest
.TP 30
.I /lib/opengl/ogl_select/\fB*\fP_vendor_select
Vendor registry files scanned by the manifest
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fIsmf\fP(5), \fIsvcadm\fP(1M), \fIsvccfg\fP(1M)
.SH ATTRIBUTES
See
.BR attributes (5)
for descriptions of the following attributes:
.sp
.TS
box;
cbp-1 | cbp-1
l | l .
ATTRIBUTE TYPE	ATTRIBUTE VALUE
=
Architecture	x86
Availability	SUNWxwplr
Interface Stability	Uncommitted
.TE 

